README.md, before:

# Child Module Title
### *Package Name*: child-module-title
### *Child Type*: <post/pre import>
### *Platform*: <online/pathway/campus/all> (Ask Zach or Daniel about this)
### *Required*: <Required/Recommended/Optional> (Ask Zach or Daniel about this)

This child module is built to be used by the Brigham Young University - Idaho D2L to Canvas Conversion Tool. It utilizes the standard `module.exports => (course, stepCallback)` signature and uses the Conversion Tool's standard logging functions. You can view extended documentation [Here](https://github.com/byuitechops/d2l-to-canvas-conversion-tool/tree/master/documentation).

## Purpose

Describe the reason why this child module exists, and its goals.

## How to Install

```
npm install my-child-module
```

## Run Requirements

List any necessary requirements, such as fields on the `course.info` object. Include if it needs to run first, last, or similar stipulations. 

## Options

If there are options that need to be set before the module runs, include them in a table, like this:

| Option | Values | Description |
|--------|--------|-------------|
|Create Lesson Folders| true/false | Determines if lesson folders should be created inside of "documents" and "media."|
|Remove Course Image| true/false | Determines if the course image will be removed. |

## Outputs

If your module adds anything to `course.info` or anywhere else on the course object, please include a description of each in a table:

| Option | Type | Location |
|--------|--------|-------------|
|Lesson Folders| Array | course.info|

## Process

Describe in steps how the module accomplishes its goals.

1. Does this thing
2. Does that thing
3. Does that other thing

## Log Categories

List the categories used in logging data in your module.

- Discussions Created
- Canvas Files Deleted
- etc.

## Requirements

These are the expectations for the child module. What does it need to do? What is the "customer" wanting from it?

Commit message:

Adding README.md and modified log in main.js

README.md, after:

# Course Description
### *Package Name*: course-description
### *Child Type*: post
### *Platform*: online, campus
### *Required*: Recommended

This child module is built to be used by the Brigham Young University - Idaho D2L to Canvas Conversion Tool. It utilizes the standard `module.exports => (course, stepCallback)` signature and uses the Conversion Tool's standard logging functions. You can view extended documentation [Here](https://github.com/byuitechops/d2l-to-canvas-conversion-tool/tree/master/documentation).

## Purpose

The main purpose of this child module is to grab the course description from the BYU-Idaho Course Catalog, and put it into the description box in Canvas.

## How to Install

```
npm install course-description
```

## Run Requirements

The course object needs to have a valid `course.info.courseCode` value

## Options

None

## Outputs

None

## Process

Describe in steps how the module accomplishes its goals.

1. Using Puppeteer, get the information for every course in a JSON format from BYU-Idaho's API
2. Parse the JSON object to get just the Course Code and PID for the current course
3. Using Puppeteer, get the course description using the PID and Course Code
4. PUT the course description to Canvas

## Log Categories

- Add Course Description

## Requirements

This Child Module needs to fill the description area for the course on Canvas using the course description found at http://www.byui.edu/catalog/#/courses
